
#Update from the EAS EAC-CPF subteam

1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities (as you and your team have envisioned it)
The sub team aims to collect and discuss open and outstanding EAC-CPF issues and to decide about quick fixes on the one hand. On the other hand the team should discuss advantages and disadvantages of the inclusion of EAG in EAC-CPF.
In July 2017 there should be an overview about the EAC-CPF situation and a decision how to go on: update or revision of the standard.

2. Team membership
Team members: Aaron Rubinstein, Anila Anjeli, Florence Clavaud, Wim van Dongen 
Liaison: Katherine Wisser
ex officio: Gerhard Müller, Stefano Vitali (only for detailed questions)

3. Current status, update from December meeting
Since February 2017 (last report) we listed all issues in GitHub. There are 40 issues:
- 6 issues on principle discussion, like how to handle dates, names, identifiers
- 7 issues on EAD 3 Reconciliation, like value lists, language code, relations part in general
- 18 issues on specific elements, like <element> should be repeatable
- 3 issues on attributes, like @attribute shouldn't have regex pattern
- 9 issues on documentation, like adjust tag library or provide best practice or tools on the homepage
- 1 bug (typo)

4. Initiatives underway
All issues are open for discussion since March/April 2017, reminders to comment were sent out to the group in April and May 2017 with deadline End of June. 
So far, we got comments from Karin in GitHub and general comments from Gerhard Müller directly to Silke. Only 4 of 7 team members are team members in GitHub.
No further virtual meetings since autumn 2016.

5. Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities
Considering the number of issues and the two big topics "EAD 3 Reconciliation" and "Principle Discussion", also taking G. Müllers comments in account, I suggest the standards revision. 
We need a decision of the TS-EAS about this in Portland. 
To work on a revision, we need people who have
a) time to work on this
b) experience in using the standard
c) access to GitHub (unless there is another tool recommended by TS-EAS)
d) desirable experience in standard revision ;-)

We also need a decision about EAG inclusion during the next year.
